# Title: Missing Success Check for NFT Minting Allows Inconsistent State

# Severity: Low

## Summary

The `searchForEgg` in `EggHuntGame` contract fails to validate the success of the `mintEgg` function call before updating the contract state and emitting the `EggFound` event, which may lead to state inconsistency if minting fails.


## Vulnerability Details

Vulnerability Exists in https://github.com/CodeHawks-Contests/2025-04-eggstravaganza/blob/main/src/EggHuntGame.sol#L78

If `mintEgg` fails due to reverted call, out-of-gas, or internal logic rejection, the contract will still increment counters and emit events, leading to:

* Incorrect egg counts: The counter will be updated without a successful minting.

* False event logs: The event will be emitted even if no egg is minted.

* Broken game logic and false positives: This misalignment in state can cause confusion, leading to incorrect player data or game flow issues.

## Impact
Although this does not risk funds or NFTs directly, it causes inconsistencies in the contract's state and behavior. Based on CodeHawks severity guidelines, this qualifies as a Low severity finding.

* State misalignment between the game and NFT contracts.

* Difficulties in debugging, tracking rewards, and player frustration.

## Tools Used

Manual code review and analysis

## Proof of Concept

In this scenario, if the mintEgg function fails, the contract will still increment the counters and emit the event. This can be exploited by triggering a failure in mintEgg, resulting in incorrect state changes.

*Example of inconsistent behavior:*

1. A player calls `searchForEgg()`.

2. The random number is less than eggFindThreshold, so the game proceeds.

3. `mintEgg` fails due to an any internal issue.

4. The state `eggCounter` and `eggsFound[msg.sender]` is updated.

5. The event `EggFound` is emitted despite the failure, creating inconsistency.

## Recommendations

The contract should follow the Check, Effect, Interaction pattern to avoid state changes before confirming external interactions succeed. Update the logic to require that minting succeeds before proceeding:

```solidity
function searchForEgg() external {
        // the begining of code 
        if (random < eggFindThreshold) {
            // Apply check-Effect-Interact pattern

            bool success = eggNFT.mintEgg(msg.sender, eggCounter);
            require(success, "minting failed");
            eggCounter++;
            eggsFound[msg.sender] += 1;
            
            emit EggFound(msg.sender, eggCounter, eggsFound[msg.sender]);
        }
    }
`````